{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red169\green170\blue168;
\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red168\green168\blue168;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c1\c1;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99971\c0;\cssrgb\c72157\c72156\c71706;
\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000\c0;\cssrgb\c71765\c71765\c71765;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs6 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf5 \cb6 \strokec4 Mind is separate?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs19\fsmilli9667 \cf5 \strokec4 Do you think the mind is in any way separate or independent of the body?
\fs14 \strokec4 \

\fs19\fsmilli9667 \strokec4 If it is totally dependent on the body, do you have any type of explanation, even just for yourself, of how mind emerges from physical entities and processes?
\fs14 \cf7 \cb1 \strokec7 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec4 \
The mind is entirely dependent on the physical body, yet not simply reducible to it.\'a0The mind doesn't \'93inhabit\'94 the body; it is what the brain does when it's organized in certain ways. The mind emerges when physical systems, like the brain, become complex and self-referential enough to model themselves and their environment. It's how we start figuring out how to walk and eat.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 Theory of mind explains this pretty well as it's reinforced by emergent physicalism and neutral monism, where\'a0consciousness and the ability to understand other minds arise naturally from the brain\'92s increasing complexity and integration with new experiences and environmental changes.\u8232 \u8232 Emergent physicalism describes ToM as a higher-level cognitive capacity that develops once a physical system ( Brains or Computers) can model not only itself but also other agents.\u8232 \u8232 With neutral monism, this same process is seen as one aspect of a deeper, unified reality becoming aware of itself through different perspectives.\u8232 \
Both positions show that our awareness to ourselves and others stems from the mind's ability to reflect upon itself and recognizing that reflection in others.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 T
\fs12 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec4 he mind isn't separate from the body. It's what the body does when its physical processes become capable of representing and reflecting upon themselves.
\fs20 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec4 \
}