{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf460
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs20 \cf2 DuoSkin Captions\
\
[1_Capacitive touch slider_img1.jpg] OR [1_Capacitive touch slider_img2.jpg]\
DuoSkin capacitive touch slider made from gold and silver leaf.  (Photo: Jimmy Day)\
\
[2_2D trackpad_img1.jpg] OR [2_2D trackpad_img2.jpg] OR [2_2D trackpad_img3.jpg]\
DuoSkin 2D trackpad. (Photo: Jimmy Day)\
\
[3_2D trackpad_visualization.jpg]\
Control devices from DuoSkin 2D trackpad. (Photo: Jimmy Day)\
\
[4_NFC tag_img1.jpg] OR [4_NFC tag_img2.jpg]\
DuoSkin NFC tag communicates and shares data with other devices. (Photo: Jimmy Day)\
\
[5_thermochromic display.jpg]\
DuoSkin thermochromic displays are activated through underlying resistive heating elements composed of gold leaf. (Photo: Jimmy Day)\
\
[6_digital skin jewelry.jpg]\
DuoSkin enhances the aesthetics of existing metallic jewelry-like tattoos by embedding LEDs in silver leaf traces. (Photo: Jimmy Day)\
\
[7_three classes of on-skin user interfaces.jpg]\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sa120\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 DuoSkin allows users to create three types of user interfaces: 1) 
\i input
\i0  on skin through capacitive touch sensing,2)\'a0
\i output
\i0  on skin through thermochromic resistive heating circuitry, and 3) wireless 
\i communication 
\i0 through NFC.  (Photo: Jimmy Day)\
[8_brass capacitive touch slider.jpg]\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 DuoSkin capacitive touch slider made from copper leaf. (Photo: Jimmy Day)\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [9_DuoSkin fabrication process.jpg] OR [9_DuoSkin fabrication process_2.jpg] \
DuoSkin\'92s three-step fabrication process. Step 1: (a) Sketching skin circuitry with graphic design software. Step 2: (b) Fabrication, which includes (c) creating stencils of the circuitry, (d) applying gold leaf as the conductive material, and (e) mounting electronics. Step 3: (f) After completing the circuitry, we apply the DuoSkin device to the user\'92s skin through water-transfer. (Photo: Microsoft Media/MIT Media Lab)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
}